 is a species of tropical land snails with an operculum, terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the family Craspedopomatidae. This species is endemic to Portugal.
 per convention at the time of sculpting) is a sculpture made of bronze copyrighted in 1895 by American artist Frederic Remington. It portrays a rugged cowboy character fighting to stay aboard a rearing, plunging bronco, with a stirrup swinging free, a quirt in one hand and a fistful of mane and reins in the other. It was the first and remains the most popular of all of Remington's sculptures.
 The sculpture was executed in the summer of 1895, and later that fall it was copyrighted with the United States Copyright Office. He took his subject from a number of his former sketches.  The earliest one was
 . Sculpting was a new medium for Remington at this time, and this new method of portrayal was a total success in the eyes of his collectors and art historians. Breaking away from the restricted limits of flat paper, pen and ink and watercolor, Remington moved to the next level of his artistic potential, through the more effective medium of three-dimensional expressions. Remington, who always strove to capture the essence of the moment in his work, now found he was more able to effectively express that which he had observed first hand:
  Only those who have ridden a bronco the first time it was saddled, or have lived through a railroad accident, can form any conception of the solemnity of such experiences. Few Eastern people appreciate the sky-rocket bounds, grunts, and stiff-legged striking.
 With this in mind, he decided to sculpt a bucking bronco for his first piece. Using techniques from his previous works to help focus the subject's figure, Remington removed the figure from its context and isolated it into a grounded free-floating form, thus achieving a lifelike quality and vigorous movement. The artist's reference file for the sculpture included a photograph of a cowboy that very closely resembled his 1892 illustration of
 followed the same kind of process liberating horse and man from two-dimensionality as before.
 On September 13, 1898, at Camp Wickoff at Montauk Point, New York, the Rough Riders gave Theodore Roosevelt a casting of
 .  Of the gift Remington said it was "the greatest compliment I ever had...After this everything will be mere fuss." Roosevelt responded, "There could have been no more appropriate gift from such a regiment."  The cast which Theodore Roosevelt's Rough Riders gave him is now at the Sagamore Hill National Historic Site, Oyster Bay, New York.
 An original cast resided in the Oval Office, a gift of Virginia Hatfield and Mrs. Louis Hatfield Stickney, from Jimmy Carter's to Donald Trump's administrations. It was moved out of the office during the Biden Administration.
 , 1907, is located along Kelly Drive (formerly known as East River Drive) in Fairmount Park, Philadelphia.  It is Remington's only commissioned sculpture and only monument, and a different sculpture from
 In 2014, the Denver Art Museum made a bet with the Seattle Art Museum over the outcome of Super Bowl XLVIII, wherein the losing city's museum would temporarily loan the other a work of art.  Denver put up a cast of
 , a 1901 Japanese screen by artist Tsuji Kako.  As the Denver Broncos lost to the Seattle Seahawks, the bronze was shipped to Seattle where it was scheduled to be on display for three months.
 refers to the members of the Maryland House of Delegates who reside in or represent legislative districts that include parts of Garrett, Allegany, Washington, Frederick or Carroll counties in the state of Maryland, United States of America. Three delegates are elected from each district, though some districts are divided into sub-districts.
 (16 January 1936 – 15 September 2021) was a Cuban athlete. He competed in the men's triple jump at the 1960 Summer Olympics.
 , is an extinct species of katydid (family Tettigoniidae) that was endemic to California, United States. It was not discovered until after its extinction.
 The Antioch Dunes shield-back katydid is an orthopteran within the family Tettigoniidae (katydids and long-horned grasshoppers). It is considered large for a katydid species. Like all orthopterans, it has powerful hind legs that it uses for jumping and that help it to evade or confuse predators. Both the fore and hind legs are covered in small spines. The pronotum covers only the first tergite of the abdominal region. Connected at the base of the head, the pronotum lifts slightly off the body, hence the "shield-back". The abdomen has ten tergites or sections. They are light brown, with black mottling on the legs and antennae.
 was captured but never fully described. In the 1960s, Dave Rentz found an example of the species in a specimen drawer,  however it was not identified or detailed. Rentz noted the unique morphology of its genitalia and the size of the specimen. In his research, he traveled to the Antioch Sand Dunes in California, where the specimen was originally collected, but he found no other living specimens. It took several years of researching until he was finally able to identify the species as
 . The Antioch Sand Dunes, the original environment of the Antioch Dunes shield-back katydid, once bordered the Mojave Desert. It is said that in prehistorical times climate alterations separated the dunes from the Mojave, thus isolating species living on the dunes. For this reason, these species' survival was contingent on the uninterrupted ecology of the dunes. As the development of the Western United States began, the dune dwellers such as
 The Antioch Dunes shield-back katydid was found in Antioch, California. It is described in the Antioch Sand Dunes, which formerly occupied a considerable acreage along the Sacramento-San Joaquin Rivers, but which are now restricted to a small, highly disturbed area under the threat of complete destruction.
 The extinction of the Antioch Dunes shield-back katydid was due to the industrialization of California. When Europeans started moving into California,
 were driven to the Antioch Dunes where they resided until their extinction, recorded to have been around 1996. There were approximately eight different species of insects that were endemic to the Antioch Dunes, three of which are now extinct. The other five are on the list of endangered species.
  Eaton, Joe. "To Protect Invertebrates!" The Xerces Society » Column: Wild Neighbors: Antioch Dunes. The Berkeley Daily Planet, 1 Apr. 2008. Web. 22 Oct. 2014.
 (born December 29, 1947 in Omaha, Nebraska) is an American former ski jumper who competed in the 1968 Winter Olympics.
 In her career, Pretnar won six races in Alpine Skiing World Cup races, with 13 podiums altogether. In the 1999–2000 season, she won a small crystal globe in slalom. Pretnar was named Slovenian sportswoman of the year in 2000. Pretnar represented Slovenia at the 2002 Winter Olympics.
 Pretnar was a sports reporter at a Slovenian commercial TV station POP TV. She has a son named Mak Rebolj (born October 2010).
 ) is the international governing body for predominantly LGBT+ aquatics clubs, representing the sports of swimming, diving, artistic swimming, water polo, and open water swimming. Member clubs are from 16 countries, with the majority of clubs in the United States and Canada. Past presidents of the association have included Scott Kohanowski (of Team New York Aquatics) and Gareth Johnson (of Out to Swim London).
 IGLA is one of the key organisations involved in the licensing of the Gay Games, which are held every four years. In years in which the Gay Games are not held, IGLA holds an international competition open to its member clubs. The organization is a part of the larger movement of a niche travel industry, LGBTQ sports tourism.
 The IGLA name was chosen in 1987 to keep the community spirit of competition going from the recently held Gay Olympics that was started in San Francisco by Tom Waddell. The Gay Olympics was later forced to change its name to Gay Games but the event itself was successful in allowing LGBT athletes from around the world to compete in Olympic, exhibition and art events. To carry on the international aspect for the LGBT aquatics community the International Gay and Lesbian Aquatics was named to hold a yearly international championship event. By Gay Games III, IGLA was officially a part of the Games organizing.
    1990: Held in conjunction with Gay Games III, Vancouver, British Columbia
    1994: Held in conjunction with Gay Games IV, New York, New York
  2023: IGLA XXXV, London, United Kingdom - Scheduled for the 25th - 30th of June
 , is a state-chartered agency of the California Department of Food and Agriculture.  Established by the California State Legislature in 1993, the commission replaced the California Strawberry Advisory Board.  The commission represents nearly 600 strawberry shippers, processors and growers within the state of California.
The commission is not funded by tax payers but by self-taxation or assessments on California strawberry growers.  The amount assessed is approved annually by the commission board of directors.  This assessment pays for the commission’s activities and projects.
 The current president is Rick Tomlinson. He replaces Mark Murai, a third generation strawberry farmer from Orange County, California.
 Activities and projects are developed, approved and implemented under the authority of the commission’s board of directors.
 The CSC's predecessor organization, the Board, popularized the use of soil fumigation starting in 1967 and it has remained vital ever since.
 The California Strawberry Commission’s stated vision is to be “the unified voice for a healthy California strawberry industry.”  Their mission is “to shape a favorable environment that allows stakeholders in the California strawberry industry the opportunity to succeed.”
 is a park in  Charlottesville, Virginia. It was the location of Balloon 3 in the 2009 DARPA Network Challenge.
 Benjamin Tonsler was one of Charlottesville's most prominent African American citizens.  Very little is known of his early life.  He was born April 2, 1854, in Albemarle County.  In later years his descendants came to believe that a member of a family for whom he worked taught him to read and write, which was illegal at the time.
 Whatever the circumstance of his early life, Mr. Tonsler went on to become a noted teacher, principal and citizen.  He was educated at Hampton University and returned to Charlottesville to teach at the Jefferson Graded School, which at that time was the only school available to African Americans.  He taught for several years and then assumed the position of principal, which he held for almost thirty years.  His students remembered him as a stern disciplinarian who took huge risks to further their education.  Under the segregated laws of the time it was illegal to educate African American students past eighth grade.  Mr. Tonsler had his older students stay after school to study more advanced texts with the understanding that the books were to be hidden whenever the white Superintendent appeared for an inspection.  In this secretive manner many students were able to complete coursework that prepared them to enter college.
 Mr. Tonsler was a close friend of Booker T. Washington whom he met while in college, and Mr. Washington stayed at his home on his way to Tuskegee to assume the presidency of the Tuskegee Institute (now Tuskegee University).  Mr. Tonsler's home was located not far from the park which now bears his name: Tonsler Park, which the city created in 1946.
 Benjamin Tonsler died on March 6, 1917, at age 63 after a short illness.  He is buried at Oakwood Cemetery next to his wife, Fannie Gildersleeve Tonsler.
 is the second album of Tryo. This album is less reggae because of some new instruments (accordion for example).
 ; born April 17, 1974) is an American retired soccer defender who previously played for the United States women's national soccer team and the Bay Area CyberRays in the Women's United Soccer Association.
 Bryan grew up in Joppatowne, Maryland and played soccer for the Columbia Crusaders for five years. She won state championships in long jump, 400-meter dash and 800-meter run.
 In 1992, her first season with North Carolina State University, she started all 22 games and was named the ACC Rookie of the Year in 1992. During her time at North Carolina, she was a three-time All-Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) and All-South Region selection.
 Bryan was nominated for the Missouri Athletic Club National Player of the Year award in 1994 and 1995. During her senior year, she started all 22 regular season games while the Wolfpack posted an 18–4–0 record and No. 9 national ranking.
 Staples-Bryan played for the San Jose CyberRays in the Women's United Soccer Association, the first professional soccer league in the United States, from 2001 to 2003 and was a key member of the 2001 Founders Cup Championship team. She was a first round pick and the first American player to be selected in the inaugural draft.
 In 2008, after a more than four-year hiatus after the folding of the WUSA, she returned to
 Bryan made her first appearance for the United States women's national soccer team on March 11, 1993 in a game against Denmark. She would go on to earn 64 caps with the team from 1993 to 2003.
 In 1994, she helped the team win the title at the CONCACAF Qualifying Championship in Montreal and qualify for the 1995 FIFA Women's World Championship and FIFA Women's World Championship in Sweden.
 Bryan was a member of the 1995 Women's National Team that placed third at Sweden. She was an alternate on the 1996 Olympic Team.
 In 2003, she was named by national team head coach, April Heinrichs, as one of the 20 players that would travel to China for the Four Nations Tournament.
 Bryan was an assistant coach at Virginia Tech. She runs the Thori Bryan Soccer Academy in Wake Forest, North Carolina.
 ) is a rural locality (a village) in Korobitsynskoye Rural Settlement, Syamzhensky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 22 as of 2002.
 Sidorovo is located 50 km southeast of Syamzha (the district's administrative centre) by road. Yezdunya is the nearest rural locality.
 is an American political scientist and scholar of American federalism, intergovernmental relations, and state and local government. He is the Robert B. &amp; Helen S. Meyner Professor of Government and Public Service and Director of the Meyner Center for the Study of State and Local Government at Lafayette College in Easton, Pennsylvania. He also is President of CSF Associates: Publius, the sponsor of the Center for the Study of Federalism. He previously taught at North Texas State University, Arizona State University, St. Peter’s College/University, and Seton Hall University. He served as executive director of the U.S. Advisory Commission on Intergovernmental Relations and as vice president of the Pentagon Papers Fund for the Defense of Human and Civil Liberties.
 Born (1946) and raised in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, Kincaid graduated from Central High School (221 class) in 1964, received a BA from Temple University in 1967, an MA from the University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee, in 1968, and a Ph.D. from Temple University in 1981 where he studied under political scientists  Daniel J. Elazar and Peter Bachrach.
 He attended Union Theological Seminary, New York City (1968–69) and also taught part-time at Seton Hall University, South Orange, New Jersey, before becoming instructor and inner-city liaison at St. Peter’s College/University, Jersey City, New Jersey (1969–70). He was director of the Phoenix Peace Center and coordinator for Professional and Business Men and Women for Peace, Phoenix, Arizona (1970–72), during which time he hosted Jane Fonda and Tom Hayden at Arizona State University where he was a faculty associate in sociology. He then served as vice-president and co-treasurer of the Pentagon Papers Fund for the Defense of Human and Civil Liberties, Los Angeles, California (1972–73), in which capacity he also managed the legal-defense office of Daniel Ellsberg and Anthony Russo. He wrote for the
 Kincaid was assistant and associate professor of political science at North Texas State University (now University of North Texas) (1979–86). He left the university to serve as research director (1986–87) and then executive director (1987–94) of the U.S. Advisory Commission on Intergovernmental Relations, Washington, D.C. In 1994, he took the positions of Robert B. &amp; Helen S. Meyner Professor of Government and Public Service and Director of the Meyner Center for the Study of State and Local Government at Lafayette College in Easton, Pennsylvania.
 He also has served as co-editor of the Routledge Book Series on Federalism and Decentralization (2014–present); editor of a book series, “Politics and Governments of the American States,” University of Nebraska Press (1989-2006); and senior editor for
 , a joint program of the Forum of Federations and International Association of Centers for Federal Studies (2001–13).
 Kincaid is married to Lucille DeMasi Kincaid, a pianist, retired high-school music teacher, a host of WDIY Classics (Lehigh Valley Public Radio), WDIY Music Librarian, and music director of many shows in the Lehigh Valley metropolitan area.
 John Kincaid has testified before the U.S. Congress on the “Lobbying with Appropriated Funds Reform Act of 2000,” “Tenth Amendment Enforcement Act of 1996,” and “Restore the Partnership Act,” 2018.
  Distinguished Scholar Award, 2016, RC28: Comparative Federalism and Multilevel Governance, International Political Science Association
  Daniel J. Elazar Distinguished Scholar Award, 2001, Section on Federalism and Intergovernmental Relations, American Political Science Association
  Best Paper Award, Annual Meeting of the Urban Affairs Association, Fort Worth, TX, 1998
  Donald Stone Distinguished Scholar Award, Section on Intergovernmental Administration and Management, American Society for Public Administration, 1991
  Outstanding Paper Award, Annual Meeting of the Southwestern Political Science Association, Houston, TX, 1980
  In 2015, the Section on Federalism and Intergovernmental Relations of the American Political Science Association established The John Kincaid Award for Best Article Published in Publius: The Journal of Federalism each year.
  “Constitutional Values and Citizen Attitudes to Government: Explaining Federal System Viability and Reform Preferences in Eight Countries,”
  “Territorial Neutrality and Cultural Pluralism in American Federalism: Is the United States the Archenemy of Peripheral Nationalism?”
  “Citizen Evaluations of Federalism and the Importance of Trust in the Federation Government for Opinions on Regional Equity and Subordination in Four Countries,”
  “The U.S. Advisory Commission on Intergovernmental Relations: Unique Artifact of a Bygone Era,”
   Competition among States and Local Governments: Efficiency and Equity in American Federalism
  “Personality and Public Opinion: The Case of Authoritarianism, Prejudice, and Support for the Korean and Vietnam Wars,”
 (1390 AM) is a Gospel radio station broadcasting in the Meridian, Mississippi, Arbitron market.
 ) in Buranovsky Selsoviet of Malopurginsky District of the Udmurt Republic, Russia located 30 kilometers (19 mi) from the city of Izhevsk, 34 kilometers (21 mi) from the city of Sarapul, and 30 kilometers (19 mi) from Malaya Purga, the administrative center of the district. As of January 1, 2011, the population was estimated to be 658 residents, of whom 123 are employed in education.Municipally, it is a part of Buranovskoye Rural Settlement of Malopurginsky Municipal District.
 Buranovskiye Babushki, a folk group who represented Russia in Eurovision Song Contest 2012, are from Buranovo.
    Государственный Совет Удмуртской Республики. Закон №47-РЗ от 14 июля 2005 г «Об установлении границ муниципальных образований и наделении соответствующим статусом муниципальных образований на территории Малопургинского района Удмуртской Республики», в ред. Закона №18-РЗ от 16 мая 2006 г «О внесении изменений в отдельные Законы Удмуртской Республики об установлении границ муниципальных образований и наделении соответствующим статусом муниципальных образований на территории Удмуртской Республики». Вступил в силу с 1 января 2005 г.. Опубликован: "Собрание законодательства Удмуртской Республики", №5, 25 июля 2005 г.
   On Establishing the Borders of the Municipal Formations and Granting the Status to the Municipal Formations on the Territory of Malopurginsky District of the Udmurt Republic
   On Amending Various Laws of the Udmurt Republic on Establishing the Borders of the Municipal Formations and Granting the Status to the Municipal Formations on the Territory of the Udmurt Republic
 is an arcade game manufactured by Bally Midway in 1984.  The goal is to amass points by chopping down trees, then logrolling in bonus rounds. Two players can compete simultaneously in the same play area.
 The player assumes the role of a lumberjack in the game and must chop down a given number of trees that sequentially pop up from the ground in a limited amount of time to complete each level. The game is controlled using two joysticks, with one controlling the player's movement and the other corresponding to left or right chops with the player's axe. As the game progresses, the quota gradually increases and the time decreases. While playing, the player must avoid beehives that are thrown by bears or lose a life. The player can earn bonus points by hitting a beehive with the axe, or by catching birds that occasionally fly out of felled trees.
 Every couple of levels, the player is given the opportunity to amass bonus points.  These stages begin with the player standing on a floating log.  As the log begins to rotate, players must make use of their reflexes to stay on top of the log.  The first two times this is played, the log is relatively large; on future attempts, the size of the log shrinks considerably.  This minigame ends if the player falls off the log or balances atop it for a certain amount of time, earning a bonus in the latter case.
 The game also features two-player simultaneous multiplayer, and can be played competitively or cooperatively. In this mode, either player can earn bonus points by pushing a tree onto the other; in addition, a bonus is awarded to the player who cuts down more trees in each level.
 , a compilation disc of Midway Games titles for the Xbox, PlayStation 2, and GameCube. It is also part of
 (2016), accessed by using the Arcade Dock in the level "Once Upon A Time Machine In The West".
 The current world record holder for highest score is Joshua Lombay with a score of 9,767,550. He beat previous record holder Don Duwelius who had recorded a high score of 6,013,515 in 2011.
 (13 March 1880 – 27 May 1953) was head of the Office of the President of Germany from 1920 to 1945 during nearly the entire period of the Weimar Republic under Friedrich Ebert and Paul von Hindenburg and, finally, under the Nazi government under Adolf Hitler.
 The son of a postal official, Meissner studied law in Straßburg from 1898 to 1903, where he also became a member of the Straßburg Student Youth Fraternity (Burschenschaft) Germania. Later, he also studied in Berlin and earned his Doctor of Laws in 1908, at the age of 28, in Erlangen, Bavaria. Afterward, he became a bureaucrat for the national railroad, the Reichsbahn, in Straßburg. Between 1915 and 1917, he participated in the First World War in the 136th infantry regiment. Until 1919 he was more active behind the front as a military railroad official, first in Bucharest, then in Kyiv. He was then accepted into the diplomatic service and from 1918 acted as a German chargé d'affaires to the Ukrainian government in Kyiv.
 Thanks to his good contacts, in 1919, Meissner became Acting Advisor in the "Bureau of the
 ", who was then the Social Democrat Friedrich Ebert, and by 1 April 1920, Meissner had risen to Ministerial Director and Leader of the Bureau. Ebert raised Meissner to the rank of State Secretary (
 Meissner continued in the post of State Secretary when Paul von Hindenburg was elected as Ebert's successor in 1925. Meissner, who lived with his family in the palace of the German president between 1929 and 1939, undoubtedly enjoyed major influence upon the presidents, especially Hindenburg. Together with Kurt von Schleicher and a few others, Meissner, in 1929 and 1930, furthered the dissolution of the parliamentary system by means of a civil presidential cabinet.
 His role in the appointment of Hitler to chancellor from December 1932 to January 1933 remains a controversy among historians. As a member of the "camarilla", Meissner was certainly no small influence as State Secretary because of his close relations with Hindenburg. Together with Oskar von Hindenburg and Franz von Papen, Meissner organized the negotiations with Hitler to depose von Schleicher and to appoint Hitler to the post of Chancellor. For the Nazis' part, the talks were facilitated through Wilhelm Keppler, Joachim von Ribbentrop and the banker Kurt Freiherr von Schröder, a former officer and head of the old-guard conservative "Herrenklub" (Gentlemen's club) in Berlin in which von Papen was also active. Neither Hitler nor Hindenburg, as of the end of 1932, would have initiated contact with each other, so great was their mutual distaste.
 When Hitler merged the functions of head of state (the president) and head of government (the chancellor) in August 1934, Meissner's office was renamed the "Presidential Chancellery" and restricted in its responsibilities to representative and formal matters of protocol, while all more political matters were assigned to the Reich Chancellery under the direction of Hans Lammers. Meissner was also made a member of the Academy for German Law. To mark the fourth anniversary of the Nazi regime on 30 January 1937, Hitler personally conferred the Golden Party Badge upon several non-Nazi members of the Reich government, including Meissner (membership number 3,805,235). On 1 December 1937, Meissner was promoted to Minister of State
 , but without the title. Politically, his influence in the Hitler regime was distinctly minor.
 After the Second World War, Meissner was arrested by the Allies and interrogated as a witness during the Nuremberg Trials. In July 1947, he appeared as a character witness for the accused former State Secretary Franz Schlegelberger. Meissner was finally prosecuted in the Wilhelmstrasse Trial, but the court acquitted him on 14 April. Two years later, in May 1949, he was accused again, this time in Munich, and was adjudged a fellow traveler. His appeal was turned down, but the proceedings were called to a halt in January 1952.
 In 1950, Meissner published a memoir covering his unusual bureaucrat's career in a book,
   Grundriß der Verfassung und Verwaltung des Reichs und Preußens nebst Verzeichnis der Behörden und ihres Aufgabenkreises
   Staatssekretär unter Ebert, Hindenburg, Hitler. Der Schicksalsweg des deutschen Volkes von 1918 – 1945. Wie ich ihn erlebte
   Die Auflösung der Weimarer Republik. Eine Studie zum Problem des Machtverfalls in der Demokratie,
  Ernst Klee: Das Personenlexikon zum Dritten Reich. Wer war was vor und nach 1945, Fischer-Taschenbuch-Verlag, Frankfurt-am-Main, 2007,
  Newspaper clippings about Otto Meissner in the 20th Century Press Archives of the ZBW
 is a town in Richland County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 618 at the 2000 census. The unincorporated communities of Byrds Creek, Excelsior, Port Andrew, Sand Prairie, Tavera, Westport, and Wild Rose are located in the town.
 According to the United States Census Bureau, the town has a total area of 42.5 square miles (109.9 km
 As of the census of 2000, there were 618 people, 238 households, and 178 families residing in the town. The population density was 14.8 people per square mile (5.7/km
 ). There were 299 housing units at an average density of 7.2 per square mile (2.8/km
 ). The racial makeup of the town was 98.54% White, 0.32% African American, 0.16% Native American, 0.65% from other races, and 0.32% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.97% of the population.
 There were 238 households, out of which 34.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.9% were married couples living together, 8.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.8% were non-families. 21.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.60 and the average family size was 3.02.
 In the town, the population was spread out, with 26.4% under the age of 18, 6.1% from 18 to 24, 26.7% from 25 to 44, 26.1% from 45 to 64, and 14.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 113.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 109.7 males.
 The median income for a household in the town was $35,156, and the median income for a family was $38,750. Males had a median income of $28,583 versus $22,125 for females. The per capita income for the town was $17,304. About 6.4% of families and 8.2% of the population were below the poverty line, including 10.6% of those under age 18 and 11.5% of those age 65 or over.
 is a play by  Neil Simon. The play won the 1991 Pulitzer Prize for Drama.
 The play premiered at The Center for the Performing Arts in Winston-Salem, North Carolina, on December 31, 1990, then moved to Broadway at the Richard Rodgers Theatre on February 21, 1991, where it ran for  780 performances and 11 previews. Produced by Emanuel Azenberg and directed by Gene Saks, the cast included Jamie Marsh as Jay, Irene Worth as Grandma, Mercedes Ruehl as Bella, Kevin Spacey as Louie, Lauren Klein as Gert, Danny Gerard as Arty, and Mark Blum as Eddie.
 In Brooklyn in 1942, Evelyn Kurnitz has just died following a lengthy illness. Her husband, Eddie Kurnitz, needs to take a job as a traveling salesman to pay the medical bills incurred, so he decides to ask his stern and straight-talking mother (from whom he is slightly estranged) if his two early-teen sons, Jay and Arty (whom she insists on calling by their full given names, Jacob and Arthur, which she pronounces "Yakob" and "Artur"), can live with her and their Aunt Bella Kurnitz in Yonkers. She refuses. After a threat by Bella, she lets them stay without ever saying they could stay. Despite their grandmother owning and operating a candy store, Jay and Arty do not like their new living situation.  They are afraid of their grandmother and find it difficult to relate to their crazy Aunt Bella, whose slow mental state is manifested by perpetual excitability and a short attention span, which outwardly comes across as a childlike demeanor.
 Into their collective lives returns one of Eddie and Bella's other siblings, Louie Kurnitz, a henchman for some gangsters. He is hiding out from Hollywood Harry, who wants what Louie stole and is hiding in his small black bag. Jay and Arty's mission becomes how to make money fast so that they can help their father and move back in together, which may entail stealing the $15,000 their grandmother has hidden somewhere. Bella's mission is to find a way to tell the family that she wants to marry Johnny, her equally slow movie theater usher boyfriend; the two could also use $5,000 of Grandma's hidden money to open their dream restaurant. And Louie's mission is to survive the next couple of days.
 : He is fifteen "and a half" years old. He insists on the "and a half". The death of his  mother forces him to be more mature than he is ready to be when his father leaves him and his younger brother with his family so he can sell scrap iron during World War Two. The play tells his coming-of-age story.
 : Jay's younger brother, he is 13 "and a half" years old. More of an observer than the rest of his family, he often goes with the flow of things, but also can be a little childish.
 : Jay's aunt, late 30's to early 40's. She is sometimes a bit off-center and is mentally challenged, but despite this she is also loving and protective of her nephews. Much of the second half of the play focuses on her attempts at independence from her stern mother.
 : Jay's flamboyant, jovial uncle, in his late 30s, who comes to live with the family when he is hiding from the local mob. He is considered by Grandma Kurnitz to be the "survivor" of the family. He has a strong, mercurial nature, and a certain underlying dark side, which the kids uncover in the second act of the play. He works as a "bag-man" for the mob.
 : Jay's grandmother. A very old and stern woman, an immigrant from Germany. Owing to her harsh childhood, she has always been very intolerant of what in others she calls "weaknesses". She is blunt, sometimes even in a funny way, and always knows what is going on with the people around her.
 : Jay's middle-aged father. After the death of his wife, he is forced to send his two sons to live with their grandmother, while he repays his large financial debts. He is shown to be, much like his sisters, a nervous wreck around Grandma.
 : Jay's aunt, and Grandma's daughter. She is a very interesting addition to the family. Her most noticeable issue is that when she breathes she has a tendency to suck in while still speaking, as a result of trauma instilled in her by Mother, from a young age.
 Simon adapted his play for a 1993 feature film directed by Martha Coolidge, and starring Brad Stoll as Jay. Worth and Ruehl reprised their stage roles, and Richard Dreyfuss was cast as Louie. Bella's beau Johnny, an unseen character in the play, was portrayed by David Strathairn.
 (meaning "king") was a ruling title used in Iranian mythology by the Kayanians of the Avesta, later to be adopted by the Kushano-Sasanians, followed by the Sasanian monarchs of Iran.
 (August 10, 1866 – March 9, 1963) was an American botanist and the curator of botany at the San Diego Natural History Museum from 1943 to 1957; she continued to serve as associate curator from 1957 to 1963. Higgins authored
 (1931), and other popular works on plants of the southwestern United States and northern Mexico.
 Born Ethel Phoebe Bailey on May 10, 1866, in Vassalboro, Maine, to Mary E. Pearson and George L. Bailey, Higgins was educated at the Wesleyan Seminary and Female College (now Kents Hill School) in Readfield, Maine. In 1900, she moved to Los Angeles, California with her parents and worked as a photographer, first in the studio of Frank G. Shumacher, then setting up in her own studio, specializing in botanical subjects. In 1914, she married John C. Higgins; the next year, the couple moved to San Diego.
 During her career as a photographer, Higgins produced a series of 300 plant portraits, taking up the study of botany to properly identify her subjects.  Higgins exhibited hand-tinted photographs of wild flowers during the 1915 Panama-California Exposition in Balboa Park. In 1931, Higgins authored
 ; she joined the staff of the San Diego Natural History Museum in 1933, becoming curator of botany in 1943 upon the retirement of Frank Gander. Higgins compiled the first checklists of San Diego County plants, publishing “Annotated Distributional List of the Ferns and Flowering Plants of San Diego County, California,” in 1949 and “Type Localities of Vascular Plants in San Diego County, California” in 1959. Higgins's surveys have been updated, first in 1986 by R. Mitchel Beauchamp's
 During the 1950s and early 1960s, Higgins participated in several of the museum's research expeditions, collecting plant specimens in Baja California and on islands in the Gulf of California.  As associate curator (working with her successor as curator of botany, Reid Moran), she helped build the herbarium's specimen collection. She wrote a series of interpretative guides to southern Californian plants and trees and continued collecting specimens in Baja California, Mexico, into her mid-90s.
    Annotated distributional list of the ferns and flowering plants of San Diego County, California (Occasional papers of the San Diego Society of Natural History series no. 8)
    Plants of the foothills and mountains of San Diego county (Trails series)
   —— (1959). "Type localities of vascular plants in San Diego county, California".
   Delight, Susan (July 15, 1956). "Museum Curator Advises Use of Vegetable Chayote".
   Beyette, Beverly (July 20, 1961). "She's 95-And Dated Up For Her 100th Birthday".
  The San Diego Natural History Museum Research Library houses a significant collection of Ethel Bailey Higgins’ papers.
  Ethel Bailey Higgins Papers ca. 1940–1960 (Collection 913). Finding Aid, Online Archive of California. Department of Special Collections, University Research Library, University of California, Los Angeles.
 is a school district that serves Amelia County, Virginia in primary and secondary education. The district is headquartered in Amelia Courthouse. The district is led by superintendent is Dr. Lori Harper.
 The all-black Russell Grove High School merged with Amelia County High School in the 1960s.
 As of the 2016–2017 school year, the appraised valuation of property in the district was 19,834,000 as of 2016–2017.
 ACPS Operates 36 different bus routes with a few routes that span into different counties.
 Amelia County High School competes in Class 2A of the James River District in the Virginia High School League.
 , is a public transportation company which operates local and long-distance buses in Mie prefecture, Japan. The company has other ventures, including a taxicab business and real estate. Mie Kotsu used to also own railway lines, but no longer operates in the rail transport sector – Mie Kotsu's former rail assets are now owned by Kintetsu Railway, its parent company.
 ; 27 April 1848 – 11 October 1916) was King of Bavaria from 1886 until 1913. However, he never actively ruled because of alleged severe mental illness. His uncle, Luitpold, and his cousin, Ludwig, served as regents.  Ludwig deposed him in 1913, a day after the legislature passed a law allowing him to do so, and became king in his own right as Ludwig III.
 Otto was the son of Maximilian II and his wife, Marie of Prussia, and the younger brother of Ludwig II.
 Prince Otto was born on 27 April 1848, two months premature, in the Munich Residenz. His parents were King Maximilian II of Bavaria and Marie of Prussia. His uncle, King Otto I of Greece, served as his godfather.
 Otto had an older brother, Crown Prince Ludwig. They spent most of their childhood with servants and teachers at Hohenschwangau Castle. Their parents were distant and formal, and they were at such a loss about what to say to Otto and Ludwig that they often ignored and even avoided them. Their mother took an interest in what the brothers wore: she ordered for Ludwig to always be dressed in blue and for Otto to always wear red. Their father was strict with the brothers, particularly Ludwig, the heir apparent. Between 1853 and 1863, the brothers spent their summer holidays at the
 Otto served in the Bavarian army from 1863. He was appointed sub-lieutenant on 27 April 1863 and admitted to the Cadet Corps on 1 March 1864. On 26 May 1864, he was promoted to full lieutenant.
 On 10 March 1864, King Maximilian died and Otto's brother, Ludwig, succeeded as King of Bavaria. Between 18 June and 15 July 1864, the two brothers received state visits by the emperors of Austria and Russia.
 Otto was promoted to Captain on 27 April 1866 and entered active military service in the Royal Bavarian Infantry Guards. He participated in the Austro-Prussian War of 1866 and as colonel in the Franco-Prussian War of 1870–1871. His experiences on the battlefield traumatized him and caused him to have depression and insomnia. When Wilhelm I was proclaimed German Emperor on 18 January 1871 at the Palace of Versailles, Prince Otto and his uncle, Luitpold, represented King Ludwig II, who refused to participate (despite having offered Wilhelm the Imperial title in a letter). Otto then criticized the celebration as ostentatious and heartless in a letter to his brother. Otto despised his ambitious Prussian relatives and cordially disliked his Prussian mother and so they were appalled by the creation of the new German Empire. His hostility was no secret to the Prussian government.
 Otto and Ludwig were often seen together during the early years of Ludwig's reign, but they became estranged over time. Ludwig was shy and introverted and eventually became a recluse. Otto was cheerful, outgoing and extroverted until the Franco-Prussian War. In 1868, Otto received the Royal Order of Saint George for the Defense of the Immaculate Conception, the house order of the House of Wittelsbach. In 1869, he joined the Order of the Holy Sepulchre, on the initiative of Cardinal Karl-August von Reisach.
 After the Franco-Prussian War, Otto became very depressed and anxious, which worried his family. Otto had spells during which he slept poorly for days and acted out, followed by periods of time during which he was perfectly normal and lucid. His illness progressively grew worse. Ludwig was horrified because he had been counting on Otto to marry and have a son who could eventually inherit the throne. Otto was placed under medical supervision, and reports about his condition were sent by spies working for the Prussian Chancellor, Otto von Bismarck. Doctors reported that Otto was mentally ill in January 1872. From 1873, he was held in isolation in the southern pavilion of Nymphenburg Palace. His attending physician was Dr. Bernhard von Gudden, who later diagnosed Otto's brother, Ludwig, as mentally ill without bothering to examine him and without asking him a single question, which raises questions about his competence and his motives. Both Ludwig and Otto despised Prussia, and their uncle, Luitpold, and Gudden supported Prussia's rise to dominance. Some contemporaries believed that Gudden's diagnoses of Otto and Ludwig were motivated by political considerations and that more could and should have been done to help and treat Otto. Some contemporaries also believed that Bismarck did not want Ludwig nor Otto to remain in power and decided to replace the brothers with their malleable uncle, Luitpold.
 During Corpus Christi Mass in 1875 in the Frauenkirche in Munich, Otto, who had not attended the church service, rushed into the church wearing hunting clothes and fell on his knees before the celebrant, Archbishop Gregor von Scherr, to ask forgiveness for his sins. The High Mass was interrupted, and the prince did not resist when he was led away by two church ministers. Otto was then moved to Schleissheim Palace and was effectively held prisoner there, much to his dismay. Gudden made no effort to treat him; it is possible that Otto was heavily drugged. Otto's last public appearance was his presence at the side of his brother at the King's parade on 22 August 1875, at the Marsfeld in Munich. From 1 June 1876, he stayed for a few weeks in the castle at Ludwigsthal in the Bavarian Forest. In the spring of 1880, his condition worsened. In 1883, he was confined under medical supervision in Fürstenried Palace near Munich, where he would remain for the rest of his life. The palace had been specially converted for his confinement. Ludwig occasionally visited him at night and ordered for no violence to be used against him.
 In 1886, the senior royal medical officer wrote a statement declaring that Otto was severely mentally ill. Otto may have had schizophrenia. It has also been argued that his illness was the result of syphilis, which would also account for the paralysis he had in later years.
 In 1894, Otto had shown signs of recovery and was cleared to attend a fête champêtre at Bamberg where he smashed sixty-five bottles of 'high grade champagne'.
 When King Ludwig II was deposed by his ministers on 10 June 1886, his uncle Luitpold took over the rule of the Kingdom of Bavaria and led the affairs of state in Ludwig's place as regent. Only three days later Ludwig II died under unknown circumstances, and Prince Otto succeeded him as King of Bavaria on 13 June 1886 in accordance with the Wittelsbach succession law.
 Since Otto was unable to lead the government due to his mental illness (officially it was said: "The King is melancholic"), Prince Regent Luitpold also reigned for him. He did not understand the proclamation of his accession to the throne, which was explained to King Otto at Fürstenried Palace the next day after his accession. He thought his uncle Luitpold was the rightful king. Shortly thereafter, the Bavarian Army troops were sworn in the name of King Otto I and coins were minted with his portrait.
 Luitpold kept his role as Prince Regent until he died in 1912 and was succeeded by his son Ludwig, who was Otto's first cousin. By then, it had been obvious for some time that Otto would never emerge from seclusion or be mentally capable of actively reigning. Almost as soon as Ludwig became regent, elements in the press and larger society clamoured for Ludwig to become king in his own right.
 Accordingly, the constitution of Bavaria was amended on 4 November 1913 to include a clause specifying that if a regency for reasons of incapacity lasted for ten years, with no expectation that the King would ever be able to reign, the Regent could end the regency, depose the King and assume the crown himself with the assent of the legislature. The following day, Prince Regent Ludwig ended the regency, cast his cousin down from the throne, and proclaimed his own reign as Ludwig III. The parliament assented on 6 November, and Ludwig III took the constitutional oath on 8 November. King Otto was permitted to retain his title and honours for life.
 Otto died unexpectedly on 11 October 1916 from a volvulus (an obstruction of the bowel). His remains were interred in the crypt of the
 in Munich. In accordance to Bavarian royal tradition, the heart of the king was placed in a silver urn and sent to the
 (Shrine of Our Lady of Altötting) in Altötting, beside those of his brother, father and grandfather.
   Die Erbschaft des Königs Otto von Bayern. Höfische Politik und Wittelsbacher Vermögensrechte 1916 bis 1922
   Die Geisteskrankheit der bayerischen Könige Ludwig II. und Otto. Eine interdisziplinäre Studie mittels Genealogie, Genetik und Statistik
 ) is a museum in Al-Madinah, Saudi Arabia, that exhibits Al-Madinah heritage and history featuring different archaeological collections, visual galleries and rare images that related to Al-Medina. The museum exhibits around 2,000 rare artifacts that capture the heritage and culture of Al-Madinah and document the landscape, the people and how it has been shaped over the years. One of the parts of the tour is the evolution of Masjid Nabawi from a house, courtyard, and home to the massive complex that it is now.
 In 1983, a project was launched to transform Al-Hejaz Railway Station that was established in 1908, into a museum called Al-Madinah Museum, the project also included the establishment of Hejaz Railway Museum in the site. The museum is not to be confused with the privately run Dar al Madinah museum in the Eastern outskirts of the city.
 is the fourth studio album by Nigerian singer Duncan Mighty. It was released on December 17, 2014.
  Go Home River, river in west central Ontario that flows west from Go Home Lake
 The quartet of guitarist Peter Bernstein, pianist Brad Mehldau, bassist Christian McBride, and drummer Gregory Hutchinson had recorded together in 1994, resulting in the album
 reviewer wrote: "Bernstein is a guitarist so good he often sounds like two guitarists in a duet. It reflects a mastery that is elegant, mellow and gently swinging, but not especially surprising."
